.\"/*
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" *Copyright (c) [Year] [name of copyright holder]
.\" *[Software Name] is licensed under Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You can use this software according to the terms and conditions of the Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You may obtain a copy of Mulan PSL v2 at:
.\" *         http://license.coscl.org.cn/MulanPSL2
.\" *THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
.\" *EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT,
.\" *MERCHANTABILITY OR FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.\" */
.\".
.TH "keentune-gui" "8" "29 Fri 2022" "OpenAnolis KeenTune SIG" "KeenTune"
.SH NAME
KeenTune-gui - graphical interface for configuration of keentune 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBKeenTune-gui\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBkeentune-gui\fP is graphical interface for configuration of keentune daemon. The keentune tuning function is displayed in the gui interface, including static tuning, dynamic tuning, sensitive parameter identification, and drawing to show the tuning results.

.SH "TABS"
.TP
.B One-click expert tuning
Display current active and available profile.
.TP
.B Intelligent parameter tuning
Displays the creation and details of the dynamic tuning
.TP
.B Sensitive parameter identification
This feature first needs to download the plug-in. Modeling the parameters identifies parameters that have a high impact on the results, and provides a range of preferred values, auxiliary parameter interpretability, and optimization. 

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs at: https://gitee.com/anolis/keentuned/issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                1,1          顶端

